# Revocable Non-Commercial Share-Alike Software License With Commercial Permission (R-NCSA+ 1.0)
Copyright (c) 2025 Damola Mabogunje

## Definitions

-   "Software" means the work of authorship distributed under this
    License.

-   "Lincensor" is Damola Mabogunje

-   "Licensee" means the person(s) who obtain the source code to which
    this license is attached and makes use of it and exercises the rights
    granted hereunder.

-   "Non-Commercial" means not primarily intended for or directed toward
    commercial advantage or monetary compensation.

-   "Derivative Work" means any work based upon or incorporating the
    Software.

-   "Commercial Use" means use of the Software or Derivative Works in
    connection with revenue generation, commercial advantage, or
    monetary compensation.

## 1. License Grant

Subject to the terms of this License, Damola Mabogunje ("Licensor")
grants the "Licensee" a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive,
revocable license to:

a)  Use the Software for non-commercial purposes.

b)  Copy and distribute the Software in unmodified form.

c)  Create, use, and distribute Derivative Works, provided they are
    licensed under this same License.

## 2. Share-Alike

If the Licensee distributes Derivative Works, Licensee must:

-   License them under this exact License.

-   Include a prominent notice that the work is a derivative of the
    Software.

-   Attribute the original work to the Licensor.

## 3. Restrictions

The Licensee may not:

a)  Use the Software for Commercial Use without prior written permission
    from the Licensor.

b)  Remove or alter attribution notices.

c)  Sublicense the Software under different terms.

## 4. Commercial Use Permissions

**4.1** Licensees who wish to use the Software for Commercial Use must
obtain prior written permission from Damola Mabogunje, the Licensor.

**4.2** The Licensor may grant or deny such permission at his sole
discretion.

**4.3** Any granted Commercial Use permission may include additional
terms, including but not limited to: duration, scope, territory, payment
terms, revocation conditions, and reporting requirements.

**4.4** All such permissions shall be documented in writing and shall
supersede the Non-Commercial restriction for the scope defined therein.

**4.5** If the Licensee exceeds or violates the scope of the granted
commercial permission, the permission is automatically revoked.

## 5. Revocation

The Licensor may at his own discretion revoke this License at any time,
for any reason or no reason whatsoever, by publishing a notice or
delivering written or electronic notice. Upon revocation:

-   All rights granted herein terminate.

-   Licensee must cease use and distribution of the Software and
    Derivative Works.

-   Licensee must destroy or delete all copies of the Software in
    Licensee's possession.

The Licensor may also revoke any Commercial Use permission granted
separately.

## 6. No Warranty

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.

## 7. Liability

DAMOLA MABOGUNJE, THE LICENSOR, SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES,
WHETHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL, ARISING OUT OF
THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE.

## 8. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution

This License shall be governed by the laws of The Federal Republic of
Nigeria, without regard to conflict of law principles. In the event that
a dispute shall arise from this license, it shall be refered to
mediation. Such mediation shall take place at the Lagos Multidoor
Courthouse and shall be governed by their mediation rules. The Language
for the dispute resolution shall be English.

## 9. Acceptance

By exercising any rights granted under this License, The Licensee
accepts and agrees to be bound by its terms.

License Name: **Revocable Non-Commercial Share-Alike Software License
with Commercial Permission (R-NCSA+ 1.0)**

Year: **2025**

Licensor: **Damola Mabogunje**

Jurisdiction: **Nigeria**
